# Get rid of BBCode in "desc" if publishing
#

 "tubes" (Array of Arrays)
Each member of "tubes" is an Array representing one tube. A level can have 1 to 16 tubes.
Each element (int) of a tube array - is the smallest portion. A tube's volume ranges from 1 to 8 portions. The top volume(portion) of a tube has index 0. A value of each element represent a color of liquid, from 1 to 10. 0 (zero) - is an empty volume (portion). It doesn't allowed to have 0 (empty volume) lower (higher array index) than liquid portion. [1, 2, 0] - is an error, level wouldn't be playable.

 "drains" (Array of numbers) (optional)
Should has the same size as tubes array (== tubes.size()). Each element shows holes or faucets for a tube:
 0 - standard tube with open neck that allows to pour in and out. (a FIFO stack)
 1 - a tube with a bottom faucet only alowing to pour out (drain), but not to pour in.
 2 - a tube with both an open neck and a bottom faucet. Neck allows to pour in and out while faucet only for pouring out. (working as a FIFO + FILO stack)
 
 "desc" (String) (optional)
A level description showed in menu. I think a player should know the level's complexity in a form of a word "EASY", "MEDIUM" or "HARD" and the least number of moves to complete the level.
 Can have "\n" symbols for line break and BBCode of Godot RichTextLabels. "desc" will be truncated to 160 letters if bigger.
 
 "win_color" (number) (optional):
0 (default) - Gather all colors, each in it's own container, to win
1..10 - Gather only one color with this number in any one tube to win. At least one portion of this color should be present in tubes. It would be an unconditional win if only one portion of win_color is present or all portions of this color are in the same tube at the end of the first move.
 
 "ratings" (Array of Dictionaries) (optional) - Array of 1 to 3 records each consisting of 
 	{"stars": 1..3,
 	"moves": 1..50,
 	"vol": 1..400}
 ("stars" and "moves" are mandatory and "vol" is optional in each record)
 More stars should be awarded for less or equal moves and volume (if set) poured. So if a record has bigger stars value it should have less or equal moves and vol. No two records are allowed to have the same "stars" value.
 The player will be rated comparing his stats, after finishing the level, with these records and will get the most stars that his stats are equal to or better than.
 
 Moves limit for any level is 50. The game will finish with a "LOSE" after fiftieth move.
 	
 	
 	
 	
